this vixen has learned to do an
extraordinary thing for an even more
reliable source of food first all she
has to do is follow the whistle then
she's learnt the sitting politely is a
small price to pay for a steady stream
of sausages good dog
I just call her right leg she's the
mother and this one's pretty yeah you
want miss Fox sit sit
good dog you see you six he do as your
mother tells you there are four or five
foxes who have this relationship with
Lillian what makes is the mummy she's
got five little ones to feed ingredient
kids her sister you want this one greedy
we've got too greedy here and got the
daddy there sit sit
well of course this isn't just about the
foxes good dog
this is about our need for a connection
with nature this is about a lady high in
a concrete channel who finds solace
through the animals below I'd like
someone to feed me fellows out there
especially if I've got five coats you
want this sit sit
when animals respond to us it can bring
extraordinary joy
[Music]